issue #877 postgresql support (#914)
IBM/FHIR: fhir-persistence-schema/README.md

# IBM FHIR Server - fhir-persistence-schema

> Builds and manages the multi-tenant FHIR R4 RDBMS schema (Db2), includes creates and updates schema for PostgreSql, also includes Derby support for use in tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Builds and manages the multi-tenant FHIR R4 RDBMS schema for Db2 and PostgreSQL and includes Derby support for testing.
```
